---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

This week consisted of finishing step 8, starting on step 9, and preparing my final report for a brief evaluation by Professor Anderson. 

## Step 7 Continued ##
No update as of yet. 

**Attempts:**
- I created a new React 360 enviornment to test the `Entity` component. I tried using a new 3D obj, removing the center panel, and changing the location of the .obj and .mtl files. No change. 

Will place this step on the back burner. 

## Step 9: Create Animations/Interactions to Step Through Code (Highlighting + Checking) ##

How do I get the buttons to highlight on hover over?

**Attempts:**
- In order to get the buttons to highlight, I have to use the `onEnter`/`onExit` VrButton attributes.
- I created a new `Button` class that would create the buttons for each snippet of code, functions such as `clickHandler()` and `setState()` to update the hover state of the button.

```class Button extends React.Component{
  state = {
    hover: false
  }
  clickHandler(gridOutput){
    changeGrid(gridOutput)
  }
  render(){
    return(
      <View>
        <VrButton
          style = {this.state.hover ? styles.hover : styles.button}
          onEnter = {() => this.setState({hover: true})}
          onExit = {() => this.setState({hover: false})}
          onClick = {() => this.clickHandler(this.props.states[0].gridOutput)}>
          <Text
            style = {styles.code_display}
            >
              { states[0].code }
          </Text>
        </VrButton>
      </View>
    );
  }
}
```

**Errors:**
- TypeError: Cannot read property 'output' of null
- Both `GridPanel` and `CodePanel` did not appear.

**Fixes:**
- `GridPanel` reappeared after spelling typo was corrected. 

**Notes:**
- `onClick`function only returns the gridOutput of the first state (" ").
- Unsure of how to fix error, will continue working on it next week. 
*****

## Completed Tasks: ##
- Finished Week #8 post
- Added Possible Citations to Report
- Step 8

## Unfinished Tasks: ##
- Steps 9- 11
- Complete supplemental courses
- Work on Final Report
