---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

With the help of the two Udemy courses and additional google searches, I was able to complete steps 1 - 3 of Simr Project Development. During the creation of steps two & three, I came across several errors and frustrations. 

### Step One: Create An Empty React 360 Environment
Why does the project not open on the browser?
* **Fix:** Incorrect var declaration and downloading "optional" packages.

### Step Two: Create Translucent Code Panel On Left. 
How do I get the border on the bottom of the panel?
 * **Fix:** Padding had to be added and adjusted. 

### Step Three: Place Code Text 
 How do I write the sample code in the Text tags in render? 
 * **Fix:** Created a separate folder to hold data aka the sample code and any additional code needed to display, then exported the 
            code variable to index.js. After importing the data into a variable dubbed mainExample, I accessed the code and displayed it on the left code panel.
            
* **Acquire Knowledge:**
      - When writing multiple lines of string to a var, one uses the backtick/grave accent.
      - Temple literals
              
 How do I get the words to be inline?
 * **Fix:** Used flexWrap, fontSize and flexDirection.
 
 ****
 Though I have successfully completed Steps 1 - 3, I am currently still trying to answer the following question:
 
 How do I change the font and ensure indentation of the code is correct within the panel?
 * **Acquired Knowledge:** 
     - I should be able to use "fontFamily" and modify the font with it, but the font remains unchanged.
     - Indentation within the backticks are not registered.
     
 ****
 
## Completed Tasks ##
 * Sections 3 & 4 Advanced Javascript Concepts
 * Steps 1 - 3 of Project Development
 
## Unfinished Tasks ##
 * Sections 5 - 15 Advanced Javascript Concepts
 * Sections 3 - 8 Creating VR Experiences
 * Steps 4 - 11 of Project Development
 
