---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
This week consisted of finishing step 9 implementation, writing more of my Final Report, and working on Step 10.
## Step 9 Continued ##
**Fix:**
- Updated `Button` class:
```
class Button extends React.Component{
  state = {
    hover: false
  }
  clickHandler(gridOutput){
    changeGrid(gridOutput)
  }
  render(){
    return(
      <View>
        <VrButton
          style = {this.state.hover ? styles.hover : styles.button}
          onEnter = {() => this.setState({hover: true})}
          onExit = {() => this.setState({hover: false})}
          onClick = {() => this.clickHandler(this.props.gridOutput)}>
          <Text
            style = {styles.code_display}
            >
              {this.props.code}
          </Text>
        </VrButton>
      </View>
    );
  }
}
```
## Step 10: Update memory panel to be in sync with snippets ##
How do I connect the buttons from `CodePanel` to the `GridPanel`'s grid?

**Attempts:**
- Created a `changeGrid` function that would update the state of the codePanel and update the gridPanel accordingly by changing the `output` property. 
- Using the `connect` function from `store.js`, I connected the `CodePanel` and the `GridPanel` so any update to the `CodePanel` will change the state of `GridPanel`. 
- Used the `connect` function to connect `GridArray` so that `gridOutput` could be accessed. 

**Error:**
- Invariant Violation: Maximum update depth exceeded. This can happen when a component repeatedly calls setState inside componentWillUpdate or componentDidUpdate. React limits the number of nested updates to prevent infinite loops.

**Fix:**
- `setState` was moved to onEnter/onExit
- Fixed spelling typo in import changeGrid 

Why are gridOutput and changeGrid undefined?

**Error:**
- TypeError: Cannot read property '0' of undefined
- changeGrid is not defined

**Notes:**
- 

**Fixes:**
- gridOutput had to be included in the GridArray call: `<GridArray gridOutput = {this.props.gridOutput}/>
  - Not really a fix because gridOutput is still undefined.
*****

## Completed Tasks: ##
- Step 9
- Completed Week 8 & 9 Posts
- Read Research Papers

## Unfinished Tasks: ##
- Continue Supplemental Courses
- Continue/ Edit Sections of Final Report
- Debug Magnifying Glass 
- Steps 10 & 11
