---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

This week consisted of combining research on step 6 and step 7 and completing step 6. In order to correctly show the right output of the program at the selected line in `codePanel`, the `gridPanel` must be able to interact with the codePanel accordingly. 

## Step 6 Continued ##

I researched multiple sites and React packages that create interactive grids; with them, I attempted and failed to create multiple grids. After multiple attempts, I ended up using my `printState` method within `render()`, changing the `gridArray` var to hold the correct output in a 2D array. Using map functions, I accessed each cell and printed the chars within a box, creating the grid. `GridArray` also changes the output to be ASCII chars when `microscopeOn` is true, making for an easier transition to step 7.

**Fix:**
```
export class GridArray extends React.Component{
  render(){
    var wordArray = count_output.split('')
    var index = 0
    var gridArray = myArray;
      for(var i = 0; i< gridArray.length; i++){
        gridArray[i] = new Array(gridArray.length)
        for(var j = 0; j < gridArray[0].length; j++){
          if(microscopeOn){
            if(isNaN(count_output.charCodeAt(index))){
              gridArray[i][j] = ''
            }
            else gridArray[i][j] = count_output.charCodeAt(index)
          }
          else{
            gridArray[i][j] = wordArray[index]
          }
         index++;
        }
      }
    return (
           <View style = {{flexDirection: 'row', flex: 1, paddingLeft: 90, paddingTop:10}}>
           {gridArray.map((box,i) => (
             <View>
             {box.map((col,j) => (
               <View style = {styles.grid_fixed_ratio}>
               <Text style = {styles.state_text}> {gridArray[j][i]}</Text>
               </View>
             ))}
             </View>
           ))}
            </View>
         );
  }
}
```

**Concerns**
- I am still confused by React. In examples I found online, the HTML tags work in a React extended class, but when I try to use it in Simr, I get errors. 
- For some reason, when I accessed `gridArray[i][j]` the output would be printed col to col rather than row to row; I changed it to `gridArray[j][i]` which printed the output correctly. 
- I am still using `StateOverlay` to show the row numbers. 

## Step 7 Research ##

Below are some of the topics and concepts I learned during research:
  - `Entity`
  - `props`
  - Parent and Child Components
  - obj vs. mtl vs. glf vs. glft2
  
Below are some concerns with step 7 implementation:
  - Can I move the microscope once loaded into the scene?
  - Would it better to have a static microscope object that once clicked, allows the ASCII to be seen?

****

## Completed Tasks ##
- Step 6
- Step 7 Research
- Finished DREU Blog Post #5
- Select template for Final Report

## Unfinished Tasks ##
- Steps 7 -11
- Finish Courses
- Find more articles for Final Report
- Work on Final Report


